Sidebar: Create a sidebar that can render an extension (#102626)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/index.md

> | `pluginsCDNSyncLoader`                      | Load plugins from CDN synchronously                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pluginsCDNSyncLoader`                      | Loads plugins from CDN synchronously                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| `assetSriChecks`                            | Enables SRI checks for Grafana JavaScript assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specify the locale so we can show the correct format for numbers and dates                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specifies the locale so the correct format for numbers and dates can be shown                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specifies the locale so the correct format for numbers and dates can be shown                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specify the locale so we can show the correct format for numbers and dates                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specifies the locale so the correct format for numbers and dates  can be shown                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specify the locale so we can show the correct format for numbers and dates                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
| `localeFormatPreference`                    | Specifies the locale so the correct format for numbers and dates can be shown                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```
